Over my adult life almost every job I had to be very personally satisfying.
Back for my start working on the call growing up pikes peak all
the way through to my last job as an academic for the University of
Southern California, I felt like I was doing that important and interesting
and constructive work and just have really enjoyed all of
it of course my time in the military was my best times of my life and
if I had one you live over again it would be my year in Vietnam and
I just felt very satisfied about my contribution to what we're trying
to do there and so my satisfaction comes from just being part of
the team, doing really good work, and enjoying each other while we're
doing it.